                  Help for SWE LZ Data Display

The top plot window contains one of survey plots from the parent widget. 
Which of the survey plot variables that is plotted here can be selected using the 
droplist to the right of the upper plot window.

The three lower windows are available for distribution function plots at selected times.

The top row of buttons:
BUTTON			ACTION

Parent			Returns to main or "parent" widget, 
			GGS Survey Data Display.
			From GGS Survey Data Display, click "SWE level zero"
			to get back to this "child" widget.
			NOTE: Use parent and child buttons to go back and forth 
			between widget displays. Avoid using the windows mouse functions
			to bring windows forward. 

HELP			On-line documentation.

Quit			Normal termination.

Dates 			Droplist containing all dates for survey data read in. Any date
			from this list may be selected and will be read when "Open LZ"
			is clicked.
			
Open LZ			Opens SWE lz file, reads anciliary files,
 			orbit-attitude, 3sec magnetic field, sun glint mask,
			VEIS background counts. Distribution function data can now
			be plotted directly using data from the opened levelzero file,
			as discussed below under "Ways to select time".
			
Veis data		Brings up the SWE VEIS Counts Data display widget 
			which has its own HELP button.

Strahl data		Brings up the SWE Strahl Counts Data display widget 
			which has its own HELP button.
			
Color adjustment droplist:
Xloadct			A widget pops up which allows adjustment of color
			scale (stretching etc) or changing color table.
			
Restore colors		Current color table restored which also sets the 
			top color (plot axes, etc) to white. 

Hardcopy droplist:			
Hrdcpy bw		Makes black and white hardcopy of current plot. 

Hrdcpy clr		Makes color hardcopy.	

Applications droplist:
Orbit			Window appears with orbit plot.

Display options		Pop-up window appears providing various information about 
			and control of display options. A HELP button is included.
			
Scan LZ file		A new widget appears containing various instrument and 
			data information from the telemetry record.			

Save f			Makes an ASCII file of perpendicular and parallel cuts and 
			reduced F vs parallel velocity, as well as the measured f
			closest to parallel, anti-parallel, and perpendicular. 


					
The second row of buttons:

Droplist of survey plot variables. Choose one to plot in upper panel.

mode		The SWE/VEIS instrument mode is displayed: 1, 2, 4, or 6.
			

------- Ways to select time ---------------------------------------
There are several ways to select times for plotting distribution function data:
1. Click at desired time in the top panel (with left mouse button) and plot 
will appear in one of three bottom panels. Successive clicks on top panel will 
cause plots to cycle through the three bottom plot panels. 
(A vertical line at the selected time will appear in the upper panel).

2. Click on any of three bottom panels and the plot at currently selected time 
will appear.

3. Click on Spin "+" or "-" button or click on Mfrm (major frame=7 spins)
 "+" or "-" button to increment the time index; the plot at the newly 
selected time will appear. Successive clicks on "+" or "-" will cause plots to 
cycle through the three plot panels. The spin (mfrm) number will appear in the field
to the right.

4. Click on the "auto" button to cause three successive plots to appear, 
one in each window.
 
5. Enter time explicity into "hhmmss" field.

-------------------------------------------------------------------



Plot type droplist:
fcntrs			Contours of f on perpendicular-parallel velocity grid
			with magnetic field direction along +vparallel.

f(en,pa)		Color-coded pitch angle distribution on 
			energy-pitch angle grid.
			
fcuts			Parallel (solid line) and perpendicular (dashed
 		        line) cuts of f and measure data sampled closest to 
			magnetic field (+/-) direction (triangles). Dotted line is
			one-count level.

redF			Reduced distribution.

f fcuts			Contours and cuts of f (default).

f F			Contours of f and reduced f. 

fsurface		Perspective 3-D contour map of f.

triangles		The triangulation mesh computed by triangulate.pro to help
			show the validity of the platewise interpolation used
			to do contouring.

fpolar			Contours of f on perpendicular-parallel velocity grid
			with magnetic field direction along +vparallel.
			


vstps			Truncate the upper range of energy steps included in plots of f
			by selecting a number less than 16.
			
pbin			Select the value of the pitch angle bin used for the data in 
			making the polar plots of f, i.e., contours, etc.		







			
