                  Help for SWE Strahl Counts Data Display



The (default) button, f(phi,theta), plots a color image of the angular distribution in 
the strahl and anti-strahl directions, where phi, theta are the gse azimuth, elevation 
of the particle direction (not look angles). There are 14 azimuthal steps at each of
the 12 detectors in each direction, strahl and anti-strahl. Each color pixel corresponds
to a single measurement, with a row of interpolated data in the spin plane. 

Beginning 26jan1999, the SWE instrument is in mode 6, in which the strahl azimuthal 
sampling tracks the onboard magnetic field direction. THis often requires masking the 
Sun using the "Sun mask" button. 
Prior to 26jan1999, the azimuthal sampling is fixed along the average magnetic field
direction and much of the time, the strahl is out of the field of view. Therefore, 
it is helpful to use the survey plots of peak strahl flux to select times to display 
the detailed strahl distributions.

When the "Strahl data" button from the SWE LZ DATA Display is clicked, the image of the 
strahl and anti-strahl distribtions are plotted at the energy corresponding to 
the currently selected time. See HELP for the SWE LZ DATA Display on seelcting time.
Any of the other plot options can be selected for the current time.

To change the current time or to plot another energy, increment either the spin or 
recn (7 spins per recn or major frame). 

To plot the same energy at another time use button, "Search for current strahl step". 

The following group of buttons select the following plot options:
	Counts vs phi   	f vs phi 
	Counts vs pa    	f vs pa 
	Counts vs phi index 	Compare strahl & veis
where phi is the gse azimuthal look angle, pa is the pitch angle, f is phase density.
The action of any of the above buttons will plot data from six of the twelve strahl
detectors, one panel per detector. The buttons labeled [0 2 4 6 8 10] and [1 3 5 7 9 11]
control which set of detectors are displayed. 



Other buttons:
BUTTON			ACTION

Parent			Returns to "parent" widget, SWE LZ DATA Display. 
			From SWE LZ DATA Display, click "Strahl data"
			to get back to this "child" widget.
			NOTE: Use parent and child buttons to go back and forth 
			between widget displays. Avoid using the windows mouse functions
			to bring windows forward. 

HELP			On-line documentation.

Quit			Normal termination.



 



			
