                     Help for Survey Data Display Interface


BUTTON/FIELD/DROPLIST     	ACTION


SWE level zero		Starts/brings forward SWE LZ data display widget.
			Use this button rather than mouse button on window
			to bring forward SWE LZ display!

ISEEf			Starts/brings forward ISEE f data display.
			(ISEE moments MUST have already been read.)

Path                 	Displays the data paths for all of the various 
			data types and permits changes to be made.
								
HELP			On-line documentation.

Quit			Normal exit.
				
Date/File		Toggle to File to select from a list of files.
			Toggle to Date to automatically search files.
				 				
yyyymmd			Enter date (yymmd) for file search by date; the date
			will also appear when file is manually selected.
			
Nr days			Select number of days for multiple day plot. 
			NOTE!! If 5 or more days are selected, then the
			input data are time averaged.

swe_strahlen		Use the droplists which display the two energies to be 
			displayed when data type "swe_strahlen" is selected. 
							
Button group: "SELECT input data types, then READ" 
			One or more data types (swe_moments etc) may be 
			selected. The last selected data types are retained.
			NOTE: When swe_moments are selected, swe_ionkp is 
			automatically selected and overplotted on 
			the electron plots.
										
READ			Click to read the data types last selected above.
			The data interval read is the number of days selected 
			above beginning with the selected date in yyyymmdd.  
			After the data is read,a list of available data 
			variables appears from which to make plot selections. 
			(See "Select plot variables" button below.)		
				
READ/PLOT sequence	A widget appears which permits data to be read and
			plotted on sequential days with a single button click.
			The data type will be the current data type selection,
			and the plot variables will be those stored in the
			selected plot variable buffer. 
			(see "Select plot variables" button below)
			
Data version		Displays data versions of data types for which multiple
			version exist. The default in all cases is "Latest", 
			but other versions may be selected.
			
Select plot variables	Widget "Available Data" appears. Select one or more data
			variables to plot."Do plot" causes data to be plotted.
			
			Short cuts:
			After making a plot variable selection, it may be saved
			by clicking on one of "Save X" buttons, where X=0,1,2,3.
			The saved selection is then plotted by the corresponding
			"Plot X" button. The "Save X" buffers are not reset with
			a new IDL session, but rather are kept.
			Default time interval plotted: entire file.
			SPECIAL CASES: For certain data types, additional 
			plot parameter choices can be made, For example, when  
			plotting strahl peak flux,the available energies also 
			appear in the "Available Data" widget.
								
Change plot parameters	Widget "Change preset plot parameters" appears.
			Plot parameters such as y-axis range, i.e., Y min 
			and Y max, yaxis labels, tick marks, etc can be 
			altered from their default preset values for each panel
			individually. Changes made here are retained during the
			current IDL session. The "Y-axis" button described below
			toggles the Y-axis range between the preset and min-max 
			of the plotted variables for all panels.
			
			The vertical size of each panel relative to the other
			panels is displayed and can be changed. For example, a
			given panel can be made twice as large as the rest. 			 			

To select time intervals to plot:
	The default time interval plotted is the entire file.	
	To "zoom", i.e., to select a time subinterval to plot,
	click the left and middle mouse buttons at the begin and end 
	times, respectively, of the desired interval. When the middle 
	mouse button is clicked, a new widget pops up entitled,
	"Selected time interval". These are the relevant relevant buttons in the
	pop-up widget:
		Click on "Plot" to plot the new time interval.
		The new time interval becomes the current time interval 
		and is retained until a different time interval is selected.
		Click on "Store interval and plot" to store any selected 
		time interval to be kept for later recall even as the 
		current interval changes. 
		
Button group: 	Time interval. The currently selected variables can be plotted 
		for various intervals: 	

Current		The current time interval. 
				
		The current time selection may be replotted at any time. 
		In particular, if program "wanal" is restarted in a given IDL 
		session, data does not have to be re-read, but rather the 
		plot can be restored by clicking the "Current" button.
		NOTE: Going back and forth between windows may sometimes cause
		plot controls to become "unset" and the tool may appear
		unresponsive.Try clicking on "Current" or "Original" to reset.

Previous	The time interval selected prior to the last (current) 
		selection is plotted.The current time selection still in memory.

Original     	The input time selection is plotted and becomes 
		the new current selection. 

Stored		The time interval saved in memory for later recall.
				
Array reduction		To keep plot array sizes manageable, procedure CONGRID
			reduces the array size using an interpolative method.
			Use of CONGRID is the default. The droplist povides 
			the option to turn off array reduction. When using the 
			IDLsave button (described below) to create a file of
			the plotted data, array reduction should be set to 
			"off" to retain the full time resolution in the 
			created data file.
				
Smooth		Median smoothing, 3, 5 or 10 points (0 is no smoothing).

Y-axis		Choices for the y axis scale are Preset (default) and Minmax.
		The Preset values can be changed using button 
		"Change plot parameters". The original default preset values 
		can be reset by using button "Select plot variables" and 
		redoing the plot variable selection or using button 
		"Change plot parameters" and clicking on "Restore". 
		These actions do not change the time interval. 
				  
Time axis	The "Selected time interval" widget appears.

Y vs X		A widget pops up from which data panels can be selected as 
		X and Y for plotting Y vs X, either linear or log.

Time mark	When set to "On", a vertical line is drawn on all panels at the 
		time selected by the left mouse button. Any number of additional
		time lines may be drawn by clicking the left mouse button as long
		as the setting is "On".
		Setting to "Off" does not remove the vertical time line, but 
		additional vertical lines will not be drawn. 
		NOTE!! It is advisable to set "Time mark" to 'Off" when going to
		the "SWE level zero" widget.

Remove time marks	Removes the time marks.

Strahl FOV	When magnetic field is plotted, only times are plotted when the
		magnetic field is within the strahl instrument field of view.
		This feature should not be used after 19990125, when the strahl
		azimuth tracked the magnetic field.

IDLsave		An IDL save file is made of the plotted data which may be 
		retrieved by IDL restore (line plots only). 
		NOTE! When the number of days read in as input data is 4 or less,
		then the saved file contains data arrays which are dimensioned
		for the full time resolution, i.e., the array reduction CONGRID
		is not implemented for the saved file even though it may be 
		implemented for the plotted data.
		 
		The saved data files may be accessed as follows:
			".run idlsav_plot" to plot the data,
			".run idlsave_to_ascii" to create an ascii file,
			".run idlsave_to_ascii_cols" to create an ascii file
			in column format.
						
Hardcopy droplist:
Hrdcpy bw		Makes black and white hardcopy of current plot. 

Hrdcpy clr		Makes color hardcopy.

Printer/file		Pop-up widget displays and allows changes in names of
			printer and printfile.

									 
Color scale droplist:
Color tbl		IDL procedure xloadct is used to display and/or modify
			the color table (stretching etc).

Restore clrs		Current color table is restored  and the top color 	
			(plot axes, etc) is set to white. 

WIND orbit		Plots the orbit for the current day.

Application droplist:


Local Appl		Local user applications. Executes procedure 
			"local_appl.pro" if it exists in directory specified by
			LOCALUSER environment variable in startup file.

				




